in alaska the weather changes rapidly
a dangerous time for a mother and baby
while she tries to cope those with fewer
responsibilities
take it easy
otters can eat a quarter of their weight
in food each day
but even that's not enough for a nursing
mother
she must find a meal whatever the
weather
[Music]
and with the sea freezing she can't
leave him in the water
with her baby safe on a raft of ice she
heads to her favorite fishing spot
despite the cold there's plenty of
seafood to be found
her pup should be safe where she left
him
but what baby can ever stay still
at this age his fur isn't fully
waterproof
and as the temperatures drop the sea
starts to freeze
[Music]
his mother must find him fast
but he isn't where she left him
[Music]
as the slush turns to ice the pup is
struggling
all he can do is call for help
[Music]
but his cries are lost in the blizzard
just in time
[Music]
now for some tender loving care
you